Format for the .txt files that contain all the data about all the files.

1. A new sub section (tab in the GUI) is denoted by starting a line with ===>
   all subsequent entries will be placed under said section. 
   
2. Everything after the arrow (===>) will be considered as the title for the subsection.
   
3. File entries can only be declared after a subsection has been declared.

4. The declaration of file entries takes the following format:
   <options> [id] <extensions> <name>
   
5. Options are specified by a single letter.
   Valid options are:
   N - The file can consist of multiple files where subsequent files are denoted
       by appending -n to the end of the filename.
   M - Same as N but instead of appending -n only n is appended.
   S - Indicates that the SD/HD distinction does not apply to this
       file and that there will always be only one version of the file.
   L - Indicates that this file is a legacy file and no longer used for
       recent skins. Should be followed by the name of the highest skin.ini
       version it was supported in.
   C - Indicates that the location for this file including the filename can be
       set in the skin.ini and therefore might not exist in the root folder of the skin.
       If the file could not be found in the root folder of the skin the custom path set
       in the skin.ini file is checked.
   P - Special variant of C where before the other properties is the mania key count.
   O - Indicates that a file exists that modifies this files behavior if present. Should be
       followed by a boolean that is true if this file needs the additional file to load.
       Should be followed by a boolean that is false is this file is ignored when the additional
       file is present. Should specific the additional file name after the boolean.
   - - A dash means that no special options apply to the file.

6. If the C or P option is used then the options section has to be followed directly by the
   name of the skin.ini property that specifies the custom location for
   the file and by the default name of the setting. Also the default name part should be
   omitted from the name for this item.
   
7. The extension section is a list of extensions that are allowed for the file. If more then one 
   extension is possible they should be separated by a , (comma) and no spaces should be used.
   
8. The filename of the file is the name of the file without the extension, hd indicator and animation indicators.
